Update README to include instructions for running jekyll with docker rather than installing it. (#443)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: README.md

Have a look at our guidelines, as well as pointers on where to start making changes, in our [contributing guide](http://docs.screwdriver.cd/about/contributing).

> The guide is powered by Jekyll. There are two ways to run jekyll, via docker and by installing.
> 
> ### Running jekyll using docker
> 
> 1. Install [docker-desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) if you haven't already.
> 1. Ensure docker is running - `docker info` should give you info; if not, then on mac, you can launch easily via `open -a /Applications/Docker.app/` - launching on CLI (rather than double-clicking) has advantage of exporting your `$SSH_AUTH_SOCK` and `ssh-agent` will work properly, should you need it at some point. 
> 1. Run the jekyll docker image with mount of `$PWD` to its serving location and with `-ti` so `^C` will kill it.

Reviewer: Some capitalization changes

```suggestion
The guide is powered by Jekyll. There are two ways to run Jekyll: via Docker and via installation.

### Running Jekyll using Docker

1. Install [docker-desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) if you haven't already.
1. Ensure Docker is running with `docker info`; if not, then on Mac, you can launch easily using `open -a /Applications/Docker.app/`. Launching on CLI (rather than double-clicking) has advantage of exporting your `$SSH_AUTH_SOCK` and `ssh-agent` will work properly, should you need it at some point. 
1. Run the Jekyll Docker image with mount of `$PWD` to its serving location and with `-ti` so `^C` will kill it.
```

   ```bash
   docker run -v $PWD:/srv/jekyll:rw -p 4080:4000 -it jekyll/jekyll jekyll serve --source docs --destination _site
   ```

> ### Running jekyll by installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Jekyll by installing
```
